Gary yeah you got we got three lemons -
well my baby wants my baby gets no but I
wanted 12 baby 1 2 12 why do you want
develop cuz I'm making you 12 on the
centerpiece so no one's even gonna eat
the lemons you're you're suggesting to
me these are just show limits after 2
years together Gary and Brooke have
reached a critical point in their
relationship fine help me do the dishes
no that's not what I want you just said
that you want me to help you do the
dishes
I want you to want to do the dishes why
would I want to do dishes I'm done what
what happened we just broke up you can
stay with me you think I'm gonna move
out of the place to let her keep it I
don't know
I'm not Columbo the only logical thing
that I can think of is for her to move
out of the condo and then to pay me some
sort of a penalty what what excuse me
the battle is on don't even get me
started by the way on your sister my
sister's been through a lot she slept
with the entire Arizona Cardinals
offensive line the gloves are off
what about your brother Richard is not
gay move yourself you always live your
life never thinking of the future I've
been drawn out of my house now I think
you're just a little embarrassed that
rich Rican jerk is that how you want to
play it it's all plate like Lionel
Richie all night long lady and their
true feelings are coming out one thing
is for sure if you're hurt I'm excited I
look at it like I'm on medication
I need to get somebody really on time
Malik I'm gonna be Kari jealous I'm
gonna be just a few more seconds just
sit down and leave it on the field you
mind if we finish the game we got a real
nail-biter going here tell Gary to call
me
Universal Pictures presents I might
actually lose him go see Mishka my
personal waxer at the spa ask her for
the Telly Savalas
oh who loves you baby
Tommy
Vince Vaughn Jennifer Aniston the
break-up